Updates 'spo group user <verb>' to 'spo group member <verb>'. Closes #4087 (#4088)
pnp/cli-microsoft365: docs/docs/cmd/spo/group/group-member-add.md

# spo group member add

> Add a user or multiple users to SharePoint Group

Reviewer: what do you think about changing also this in the description ? 🤔

```suggestion
Add a member or multiple members to SharePoint Group
```

Author: Hi @Adam-it, I had left it on purpose, as the only type of members we can currently add are users. I wanted to change that when we add the azure ad group option. But okay, I'll change it anyway. 👍
